[Docs] Add timeout and fallback cheat sheets (#1836)
App-vNext/Polly: docs/community/cheat-sheets.md

# Cheat Sheets

Cheat sheets provide easy to use code snippets for common scenarios.

> [!NOTE]

> > The bellow cheat sheets are providing quick samples for the V8 API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The below cheat sheets provide quick samples for the V8 API.
```

## Download

| Strategy | Pdf link |
| ------------- | :-------------: |

> | Timeout | [Download](../media/Timeout%20cheat%20sheet.pdf) |

Reviewer: Can you swap the spaces for dashes in the file names? Then we don't need to worry about encoding or quoting paths.

> | Timeout | [Download](../media/Timeout-cheat-sheet.pdf) |
> | Fallback | [Download](../media/Fallback-cheat-sheet.pdf) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Timeout | [Download](../media/timeout-cheat-sheet.pdf) |
| Fallback | [Download](../media/fallback-cheat-sheet.pdf) |
```
